The dog has become a spirit
Isn't this Lao Wang next door?
Dogs
Essential hahahahahahahaha
Ah!
Why is my husband at your house?
Why did it fall like this?
If you don't know, I can't spare you, let me go
How did I know he would be here?
You let me go
Someone is about to beat the pregnant woman
If you hit someone, don't do it, don't do it, do you have something to say?
What are you doing?
How did you know that my grandfather and my father were both
Yes
What's going on here?
You ran away with the wild man
I am Zhao Yang's wife
Yeah you should come with us
Zhao Yang's corpse is cold, so you steal it
Hello, sorry to say me.
You two are not good people
I wouldn't trust you with my niece
Tingting is from our Lao Zhao family
We also need to use our Zhao family to raise them?
Not from your family?
You two should be fine
You have two more years.
Look at your virtue
Son, you are a mistress
Son, take a look
Hahaha
Ah!
Ha, okay, okay.
Don't be noisy, don't be noisy
He said listen to the child's own choice
Aunt Tingting Gao, let's go
Anyway, you've been living with me for so many years
You choose me so
Move aside
Tingting, I am your mother
Only mom can take care of you, you have to choose me
Tingting, we are all family elders surnamed Zhao.
Can take care of you
You should choose me, shouldn't you?
Wait for the little princess